Split WSGI app into two, namespace it (#100)
mirumee/ariadne: docs/introduction.rst

        return "Hello, %s!" % user_agent

Building the schema
-------------------

Before we can run our server, we need to combine our textual representation of the API's shape with the resolvers we've defined above into what is called an "executable schema". Ariadne provides a function that does that for you::

    from ariadne import make_executable_schema

You pass it your type definitions and the resolvers that you want to use::

    schema = make_executable_schema(type_defs, resolvers)

Testing the API
---------------

Now we have everything we need to finish our API, with the missing only piece being the http server that would receive the HTTP requests, execute GraphQL queries and return responses.

One of the utilities that Ariadne provides is a ``start_simple_server`` that enables developers to experiment with GraphQL locally without the need for a full-fledged HTTP stack or web framework::

    from ariadne import start_simple_server

> We will now call ``start_simple_server`` with ``schema`` as its arguments to start a simple dev server::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will now call ``start_simple_server`` with ``schema`` as its only argument to start a simple dev server::
```
